###Front Office Bank Application

##This application was made for my collage subject, Databases programming and projecting.

##Technologies that I've used:

☕ Java 18 <br>
🍃 Spring Boot <br>
Ⓜ️ Maven <br>
🌶️ Lombok <br>
🧰 Liquibase <br>

##What we are presented with is an application, that stores user information, accounts created for said users,
##and which can perform "Front Office" bank tasks such as:
###    - Balance Check
###    - Money Withdrawal
###    - Money Deposit
###    - Account to Account transactions

Initial data that we're dealing with has been generated by GenerateData.py script. We've got 20 clients and 20 accounts.
By design, since the relation of Client - Account may be One to Many, I did not create a table of account relations or didn't
try to accomodate account information within client table, it seemed more understandable to assign Client as an FK to Account table.
I designed the database to store more actions, like back office (with interest rates etc) for further development.
I didn't set up security aspect to this application, since it was out of scope of the task.

Since FOBA is a back-end application, we should use a tool that allows us to send requests, such as Postman.

Once our application is running, we can perform several operations, such as:

Getting a list of all accounts details:

    GET request at "localhost:8080/accounts"

Getting a specific account's details:

    GET request at "localhost:8080/accounts/{id}"

Getting a specific accounts's balance:

    GET request at "localhost:8080/accounts/{id}/balance"

Depositing or Withdrawing: (based on amount of money provided (withdraw if negative) within a link)

    PUT request at "localhost:8080/accounts/{id}/depositwithdraw/{amount}"

Getting all transactions information: (none by default, you have to create one first)

    GET request at "localhost:8080/transactions"
    
Getting specific transaction information: 

    GET request at "localhost:8080/transactions/{id}"

Creating a new transaction:

    POST request at "localhost:8080/transactions/new"
        with following JSON body as an example:
            {
                "senderacc":"5", 
                "getteracc":"6",
                "amount":"100"
            }   


##short workflow of what can be done: 

(request:
Response: answer)

#checking a balance of account with id: 5

GET@http://localhost:8080/accounts/5/balance
Response: 9754

#checking a balance of account with id: 6

GET@http://localhost:8080/accounts/6/balance
Response: 13824

#sending a 1023.567 from account with id 5 to account with id 6

POST@localhost:8080/transactions/new
{
    "senderacc":"5",
    "getteracc":"6",
    "amount":"1000"
}
Response: You've successfully sent 1000PLN to first6last6.

#checking a balance of account with id: 5

GET@http://localhost:8080/accounts/5/balance
8754

#checking a balance of account with id: 6

GET@http://localhost:8080/accounts/6/balance
10754??????

????????????????????????????????????????

